# Documentation for the `myPackage` package.
  
----------------------------------------------------------------
 
 *myPackage - this is my cool package* 
  
----------------------------------------------------------------
 
### Version information:
  
- Package: myPackage
- Version: 1.2.3
- Generated: 2024-09-26T10:14:19
- Author(s): John Smith (j.smth@mail.com), Bob Cat (red@lynx.ca)
- Maintainer(s): John Smith (j.smth@mail.com)
- License: MIT
- File SHA256: `F*064D4495812508B138EA5320321810F59F50D3C27B764E59F625618BC4E9D668` for this version
- Content SHA256: `C*0E1C28C6A228F970CBAE3EADBC7E57518BC85CF876CEC439B5B0DBAAFF93D8A2` for this version
  
---
 
# The `myPackage` package, version: `1.2.3`;
  
---
 

MyPackage is great, it contains very useful 
functions, formats/informats, macros and datasets.

We build it during WUSS 2023 Hands-on-Workshops.

This is an experimental demo package(!) _not_ for production use!

But we use it to learn how to build "real" production ready packages!

  
---
 
  
---
 
Required SAS Components: 
  - Base SAS Software
  - SAS/IML
  
---
 
Required SAS Packages: 
  - basePlus (0.1.0)
  - SQLinDS (0.1.0)
  
---
 
  
---
 
Package contains additional content, run:  `%loadPackageAddCnt(myPackage)`  to load it
or look for the `mypackage_AdditionalContent` directory in the `packages` fileref
localization (only if additional content was deployed during the installation process).
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------
 
*SAS package generated by SAS Package Framework, version `20240711`*
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------
 
# The `myPackage` package content
The `myPackage` package consists of the following content:
 
1. [`%dcmacro()` macro ](#dcmacro-macro-1 )
2. [`%marvelmacro()` macro ](#marvelmacro-macro-2 )
3. [`%supercool()` macro ](#supercool-macro-3 )
4. [`$fastformat.` format/informat ](#fastformat-formats-4 )
5. [`$infamous.` format/informat ](#infamous-formats-5 )
6. [`furiousfunction()` function ](#furiousfunction-functions-6 )
7. [`supercool()` function ](#supercool-functions-7 )
8. [`f_and_f` data ](#fandf-data-8 )
9. [`sergio` data ](#sergio-data-9 )
10. [`supercool` lazydata ](#supercool-lazydata-10 )
  
 
11. [License note](#license)
  
---
 
## `%dcmacro()` macro <a name="dcmacro-macro-1"></a> ######

This is the `%dcmacro()` macro. 
It asks a question to a hero.

Syntax:
~~~~~~~~~~~~sas
%dcmacro(
  <hero>
)
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Parameters:
  1) hero - a name of a hero.


Example 1. Basic use case:

~~~~~~~~~~~~sas

  %marvelmacro(BATMAN)

~~~~~~~~~~~~

  
---
 
## `%marvelmacro()` macro <a name="marvelmacro-macro-2"></a> ######

This is the `%marvelmacro()` macro. 
It provides catch phrases for some heroes.

Syntax:
~~~~~~~~~~~~sas
%marvelmacro(
  <hero>
)
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Parameters:
  1) hero - required, a name of a hero.

Macro declaration is:

~~~~~~~~~~~~sas
%macro marvelmacro(hero) / secure;
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Example 1. Basic use case:

~~~~~~~~~~~~sas

  %marvelmacro(HULK)

~~~~~~~~~~~~

  
---
 
## `%supercool()` macro <a name="supercool-macro-3"></a> ######

This is the `%supercool()` macro. 
It says my things are better.

Syntax:
~~~~~~~~~~~~sas
%supercool(
  <you>
 ,<data>
 ,<what>
)
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Parameters:
  1) you - a name to be called.
  2) data - an object of supercoolnes.
  3) what - a kind of supercoolnes.
  
See examples.


Example 1. Basic use case:

~~~~~~~~~~~~sas

  %supercool(Python, code, faster)

~~~~~~~~~~~~

Example 2. Other basic use case:

~~~~~~~~~~~~sas

  %supercool(Excel, table, bigger)

~~~~~~~~~~~~

  
---
 
## `$fastformat.` format/informat <a name="fastformat-formats-4"></a> ######

This is the `fastformat` character format. 
It is used internally by the `furiousfunction` function.

  
---
 
## `$infamous.` format/informat <a name="infamous-formats-5"></a> ######

These are:
- the `infamous` numeric informat,
- the `infamous` numeric format. 

They are used internally to generate the `sergio` dataset.

The help info is good, sometimes may be ugly, but never is bad! 

  
---
 
## `furiousfunction()` function <a name="furiousfunction-functions-6"></a> ######

This is the `furiousfunction` function.

The function prints the name and percent of diesel or gasoline.

Returns a character value.

It requires the `fastformat` character format to work.

Syntax:
~~~~~~~~~~~~sas
furiousfunction(
  <user>
 ,<value>
)
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Parameters:
  1) user - a character variable, a name to be called.
  2) value - a numeric variable, a percent value to be displayed.

  
---
 
## `supercool()` function <a name="supercool-functions-7"></a> ######

This is the `supercool()` function. 
It says that things are super cool.

Syntax:
~~~~~~~~~~~~sas
%supercool(
  <data>
)
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Parameters:
  1) data - a character variable, an object of supercoolnes.
  
  
---
 
## `f_and_f` data <a name="fandf-data-8"></a> ######

This is the `F_and_F` dataset. 
The data are fast and furious.

It requires the `furiousfunction` function and 
the `fastformat` character format to be generated.
  
  
---
 
## `sergio` data <a name="sergio-data-9"></a> ######

This is the `Sergio` dataset. 
Some data in it are good, some are bad, and some are ugly.

  
---
 
## `supercool` lazydata <a name="supercool-lazydata-10"></a> ######

This is the `supercool` dataset. 
Some data in it are Super Cool, but are Lazy Data too.

  
---
 
  
---
 
# License <a name="license"></a> ######
 
Copyright (c) 2023 WUSS Conference and Bartosz Jablonski and  <your name goes here>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
  
---
 
